com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeDetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeDetailsFragmentArgs
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeDetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeDetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeFragment
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeFragment$1
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeDetailsFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeDetailsFragmentDirections
com/comas/foodies/MobileNavigationDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.MobileNavigationDirections
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeFragmentDirections
com/comas/foodies/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.comas.foodies.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/comas/foodies/BuildConfig.java
 com.comas.foodies.BuildConfig
com/comas/foodies/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeDetailsFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeDetailsFragment
com/comas/foodies/MainActivity.java
 com.comas.foodies.MainActivity
com/comas/foodies/model/ModelFirebase.java
 com.comas.foodies.model.ModelFirebase
 com.comas.foodies.model.ModelFirebase$1
com/comas/foodies/adapters/RecipeListAdapter.java
 com.comas.foodies.adapters.RecipeListAdapter
 com.comas.foodies.adapters.RecipeListAdapter$RecipeViewHolder
com/comas/foodies/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragmentDirections
com/comas/foodies/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/comas/foodies/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.comas.foodies.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeCreateFragment.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeCreateFragment
com/comas/foodies/model/Recipe.java
 com.comas.foodies.model.Recipe
com/comas/foodies/ui/recipe/RecipeCreateFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.recipe.RecipeCreateFragmentDirections
com/comas/foodies/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/comas/foodies/model/AppLocalDb.java
 com.comas.foodies.model.AppLocalDb
 com.comas.foodies.model.AppLocalDbRepository
com/comas/foodies/MyApplication.java
 com.comas.foodies.MyApplication
com/comas/foodies/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/comas/foodies/model/Model.java
 com.comas.foodies.model.Model
 com.comas.foodies.model.Model$AddRecipeListener
 com.comas.foodies.model.Model$GetAllRecipesListener
com/comas/foodies/ui/gallery/GalleryFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.gallery.GalleryFragmentDirections
com/comas/foodies/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 com.comas.foodies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionHomeToRecipeDetails
com/comas/foodies/model/RecipeDao.java
 com.comas.foodies.model.RecipeDao
com/comas/foodies/RecipeViewModel.java
 com.comas.foodies.RecipeViewModel
